Ray fixes after preview feedback (#133)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/markdoc/partials/ray/quickstart.md

# QuickStart

This quickstart shows you how to set Ray and Ray on Golem up, start your cluster, test it, and then stop it.
It limits the explanation to the bare minimum - if you are looking for more details jump to [setup tutorial](/docs/creators/ray/setup-tutorial)

## Install software

{% partial file="ray/recommend-venv.md" /%}

> The first step is installing Ray on Golem. It will install Ray as a dependency.

Reviewer: shouldn't we mention yagna too?

```suggestion
The first step is installing Ray on Golem. It will install Ray and the Golem daemon as dependencies.
```

Author: not yet, this will come in the next PR

```bash
# install ray-on-golem & ray (recommended within a clean virtual environment)
pip3 install -U ray-on-golem
```

> For now, you also need to download and install Golem node software representing you in the Golem network.

Reviewer: do we have to? isn't yagna already included as a dependency?

Author: not yet, this will come in the next PR
